1.
https://github.com/delaford/game
Delaford game is described as an online, 2D medieval game. It uses JS and HTML5 to run. This repository is really cool
because the author includes mechanics that are and arent implemented that others can fix themselves. The author also
includes sources for people to go to if they need help working on this project. I really like this because the author
openly invites new people to work on this project and even includes resources for them to go to if they need. I think
I may even try working on this as it would be an excellent learning experience.

2. https://github.com/microsoft/calculator
This is a repo for the code behind the windows calculator. I thought this was so cool because I didn't know code like
this was openly available. It's really neat to think that I could download this code and make personal changes to the 
calculator that might be helpful in the future! I mean, overall, I'm just surprised something like this is open source, so
I'm curious what else may be out there. Im also noticing that a lot of these repos have "README.md" files that offer a lot
of useful insight about the app, how to download it, and features included. It's awesome that code like this is available
for public use.

3. https://github.com/NoelFB/Celeste
I chose to take a look into the game "Celeste" since I recall hearing that the game was open source. This repo is just that,
it offers the source files and framework for the game itself and I believe it updates whenever the game itself is updated so
that people can help debug the game if needed. If you go to the source file and then Classic.cs, you can find all of the
code used in the game and all of the classes. I think this is super neat because it gives me some insight as to how
other people make games. I see a lot of methods and a LOT of member variables being used for initializing different
levels and for keeping track of certain actions. This really does give a lot of insight so I'll need to remember
that if I'm ever stuck on some code, I can always try and find a similar repo and see how they went about solving a
certain problem.

4. https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js
This is a repo for the discord.js library. It contains all of the methods used for creating discord bots. I have
been attempting to create my own discord bot recently and I've actually glanced at this repo a couple times, however, it's
a little overwhelming too look at. Now that I'm getting a hang of git, though, this rep will definitely be a TON of help
because now I can see specifically how certain methods work, all of their arguements and overloads, and so much more.
I do want to learn about install functions though... there are key words such as "npm", "yarn", and "pnpm" and I'm
curious what those mean and how they work. I think I will do some extra research about them because it would be nice to
understand what it means.

5. https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/main/Unity.gitignore
We looked at this ".gitignore" repo in class but this file is specifically for unity. I chose to look into this file
because I will be using it very soon so it'll be important to understand what is happening inside of this file. Looking
through this file, it seems that a lot of the ignored file types and folders are auto generated. Being able to just copy
and paste this unity.gitignore will be a super useful shortcut because I find that it can be hard locatign and finding every
single file that is being included in a project and this does it all for you. Some files can even be invisible or hard to
find, so this makes the process a ton more easier.
